Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire preventin' bear.
Those singin' friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joinin' us on a little visit to a big star?
Today it's that popular actor and photographer, Robert Cummings.
Say, Mr. Cummings, I mean Mr. Collins, I don't get it.
I just don't get it.
Why do you want to take my picture?
Don't you see, Smokey?
Everyone believes that all I care about is beautiful women.
And all I'm interested in is taking pictures of beautiful women.
Well, you stand for another kind of beauty.
And I'm really keen about it.
The beauty of the outdoors.
The beauty you find in the trees of the forest, in the mountains at sunrise, and across the prairie at sunset.
In the rushing streams and along the edge of a quiet lake.
This is real beauty, too.
The beauty of America.
and we must protect it against destruction or disfigurement by wildfire.
And Smokey, if our session today makes even one person more careful with his matches or smokes, or keeps just one forest fire from starting, then this will have been very, very worthwhile.
Thanks, Mr. Cummings.
Now, don't go away.
The Sons of the Pioneers have planned something special for you.
How about it, Lloyd?
Smokey, we have a song that ties right in with what Mr. Cummings said about the beauty of the prairie at sunset and beautiful women and... Well, listen...
The prairie rests at even tide and small things into shadows hide for heaven walks the flames tonight. A million stars that knew they should came shining down for there you stood. A vision bathed in heaven
Night falls on the prairie, pale shadows appear.
That you must be Part of the prairie too I've made you from moonbeams When you were done, you were one
Of its charms Night falls on the prairie And I found an angel in my arms
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
So until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to
always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]